>>SEAN STONE: Magic and
madness in the mouth
of the Necronomicon.
Let's enter the "Buzzsaw."
[THEME MUSIC]
Welcome to "Buzzsaw," where
we cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore
the hidden truths.
I'm your host Sean Stone.
With me today, I
have Jim Wasserman,
who is an American
author and occultist.
A member of the
OTO since 1976, he
has written extensively
on spiritual and political
liberty.
In 1977, he founded Studio 31,
where he produced the "Simon
Necronomicon," a
volume purporting
to be the mythical Necronomicon
made famous by Howard Phillips
Lovecraft.
He has a new book coming out
called the "Templar Heresy."
And today, he lifts the
veil on his knowledge
of secret societies.
Well, secret societies,
magic, mystery,
all my favorite topics.
So let's start with this.
I want to paint a cosmology
where there are Archons,
you know, Demigods,
whatever you want
to call these, principalities,
that essentially
have domain or legion over
different regions of the world.
And magicians throughout
history, let's say,
have worked to curry favor
with them, oftentimes
in conjunction with a
political or economic elite.
Is that your reality?
>>JIM WASSERMAN: You know,
it's an excellent question.
And it is certainly a reality.
It's been believed by countless
people over millennia.
So it's a brilliant
thing, and I do
believe that that
actually occurs.
But when you ask
if it's my reality,
the answer is no, you know.
I'm looking at the spiritual
pursuit and the powers
from the level of
enlightenment or Gnosticism,
the quest for unity
with the divine.
So it's not merely a matter
of manipulating power,
but that is going
on all the time.
>>SEAN: Right, so the point
is that you can, I mean,
this kind of gets
to the question
of, as a student of magic,
is this what distinguishes
black from white
magic essentially,
is this notion of currying
favor for your own empowerment?
>>WASSERMAN:
Absolutely, and also
lacking a concern for
the well-being of others.
Because if, you
know, Crowley says
a magician who is doing
his will is unstoppable.
He has the inertia of the
universe to assist him.
Well, your will can't
be in contradiction
to someone else's will
because we are here
for a grander purpose.
>>SEAN: Well, you
mentioned Crowley, I mean,
I want to get into
Crowley a bit later.
I mean, I want to
start by asking,
would you consider
yourself a pagan?
Are there many gods?
Are you monotheistic?
Do you believe that there
is sort of one creator, one
source, and maybe that
creator is vying with,
not vying with, but let's say,
contending with dark forces
and, you know, devils, things
that are more materialistic
or let's say ego-driven?
Or do you believe
that there is no god?
It's all mental.
>>WASSERMAN: I call
myself a pagan monotheist.
I believe there
is like one energy
at the root of all creation.
And that energy, that
deity, that being, whatever
it is, it is certainly not
something I can describe,
has many facets, like a
jewel or a diamond, you know.
And it's like all over the
place, and he shows us,
or it shows us different
aspects and allows
us to interact with different
aspects all the time.
So there is the warrior
aspect, and there
is this scholar aspect, and
there's the lover aspect.
And each one of these can
be approached directly
by an aspirant, by someone
who is looking for it.
But does, do, are they
independent beings whose wills
can be opposed to that being?
I don't think so, and I think
that evil is part of that
as well.
>>SEAN: So in a sense,
what you would say,
that evil is necessary
towards would you
say overall consciousness,
the chemical idea
that basically all
darkness, all black
is part of these overall
crafting of the spirit?
So you have to go through,
certain people are just
at different levels
of consciousness,
and they have to go
through forms of evil
to ultimately find that purity,
the truth, the goodness.
>>WASSERMAN: I would
say, absolutely,
that's what I believe.
And I would also add,
unfortunately, you
know, so much
suffering in the world
and you know the
heartache of reality.
I mean, evil and anxiety are our
two biggest problems, you know.
I think it starts out from
being these kind of naked, smart
guys, running around the caves,
all these gigantic furry beasts
are kind of like plodding
after us, looking for lunch,
you know.
How'd that happen?
And it's like, no
wonder we're so uptight.
>>SEAN: Well, so
speaking of the evil,
obviously there are things
that we would consider evil,
you know.
There's things,
abuse of children,
there's harm to others in
a terrible tragic sense.
But in a sense, there's also
the evil and the dangers,
I think, that also come from
the magical position, let's
say, the practice
of magic, right.
Don't you during the course
of magic encounter entities
that could be described
as evil or that
create evil or very chaotic
destructive conditions?
>>WASSERMAN: You
encounter temptations.
Some people are
working, some people
are working a lot
with, you know,
goetic or negative
energies, you know.
And I personally
am not doing that.
But there is a flipside
to every positive energy,
and I have certainly
encountered that a lot.
I've witnessed,
experienced, and dealt
with literal demonic possession.
The most evil
experience I ever had
was actually standing
in, encountering someone
in a hotel bathroom,
believe it or not,
who was a very, very, very
wealthy, wealthy guy, who
owned the hotel.
My uncle worked for him,
and I went to the hotel
to visit my uncle.
And this guy had such a depth--
I only met him for like
a second, you know--
had such a depth
of darkness in him
that it still frightens
me to even think of it.
And he was a guy
dressed in a suit,
you know, smiled
at me or something,
in the way that people pass
each other in the bathroom,
whatever.
I mean, it was, but there
was a darkness and emptiness
at his core, a kind of
grasping that Crowley
describes as the characteristic
of a black brother.
>>SEAN: Right.
>>WASSERMAN: You know, the
most evil force, he or she
who has rejected all love, all
sense of unity and purpose,
and this guy had that,
and it was weird.
It wasn't a magical ceremony.
It wasn't in a temple with
candlelight, you know.
It was in day to day life,
and I've never forgotten it.
>>SEAN: So you mentioned
demonic possession.
Have you experienced it
through you or you've
seen it in others?
>>WASSERMAN: I have
seen it in others.
I've actually
fought it in others.
>>SEAN: But you've never
seen a demon, let's
say, materializing in the
smoke, like in a form of smoke,
let's say, or physical form.
>>WASSERMAN: Erm, not
exactly in that way,
I don't think, no,
no, quite honestly.
>>SEAN: Yeah.
So when we speak, we're
speaking about evil,
and you mentioned
Crowley, obviously,
who is the founder of the
OTO, right, the Ordo Templi
Orientis, as far
as he adopted it
and basically you recrafted it.
>>WASSERMAN: Absolutely.
>>SEAN: Into the new form.
>>SEAN: Now many people
would say the OTO is satanic.
How would you refute
that argument?
>>WASSERMAN: Well,
to be satanic,
you have to be a Christian.
You immediately have to set
up a dichotomy between God
and the devil, and we don't.
So we could be
described, you know,
I have been characterized
as, in fact, a luciferian,
you know, a worshipper
of the lord of light.
And that's a characterization
I don't dispute.
The idea of rebellion
is something
that I find very appealing.
And what you were, I've
heard you say about the need
to look within and to break
through all your conditioning
to find truth, you're
not going to find truth
by living in the world that
your parents made for you.
That's just not how we do it.
I didn't do it from
my parents' world,
and my kids aren't
doing it from my world.
They're making
their own choices,
discovering their own realities.
I'm doing the same spiritually.
>>SEAN: Right.
>>WASSERMAN: We are not
satanic, not by a long shot.
>>SEAN: Right.
Well, so you're saying breaking
through and deprogramming,
deconditioning,
is that the reason
for the various
degrees of initiation?
The idea that
oftentimes we read,
when we look at the
initiatory tract,
someone learns
something in one degree,
evolves to the next
degree and it negates what
was taught previously, right.
Is this meant to basically
break down our conditioning?
>>WASSERMAN: Absolutely.
And the other thing that the
hierarchical degree structure
of initiation is meant
to do is to test a person
and to give an ethical reading
of that person's behavior
over time.
People will come on and they'll
be very warm and open and just
kind of cool.
And then the next thing
you know, in two years,
they're doing something
absolutely horrific.
Well, if you've
given them degrees
over like a year at
a time or something,
they're not going to get too far
before they expose themselves
for the people that
they truly are,
and then we can get rid of them.
>>SEAN: Right.
And so I mean, you
know, you've obviously
been infatuated with Crowley
your whole life, right.
I mean, going back to what
would you say, was it--
>>WASSERMAN: At the
age of 18 or 19.
>>SEAN: Was it "The Book of
Lies," "The Book of Truth"?
>>WASSERMAN: For me,
it was a book called
"Magick in Theory and
Practice," you know,
and it was so weird
because I had just
been exposed so I
just like, I read it,
and I read it all
the way through.
And then I said, I didn't
understand a word of this.
And then I read the whole
thing through again,
and I was about 19, and
it was the first time
I'd ever done that, read
a book through again.
And it was like I felt as if
I understood a little more,
and I just couldn't shake it.
It was fascinating.
It is the most intelligent
thing I'd ever read,
the most challenging,
and the most spiritually
sustaining in a sense.
I mean, it really
almost felt like it
was being written for me.
>>SEAN: Right.
>>WASSERMAN: You know.
>>SEAN: And so Crowley's
very much a conundrum.
I mean, frankly, obviously, you
can't really put him in a box.
He's in a certain
sense, he's a joker.
In a certain sense, you know,
he does proclaim himself
to be the great beast, right.
He does talk about
blood sacrifice.
He basically takes you
through various forms of magic
so he's obviously
a scholar of magic.
And in some ways,
it seems to me,
that he went both
dark and light.
How do you reconcile
this conundrum
at the end of the day?
You see him as ultimately
a positive force, someone
who's processing this coming
aeon that we're entering,
this New Age, the Aquarian
Age, or Age of Horus.
Is that the way you see him?
>>WASSERMAN: Yeah, I definitely
see him as a prophet.
I see him as the prophet of
the new aeon without question.
I know that all of the things
you just said are true.
I know that he
dabbled in the black,
and he dabbled in the white.
I believe he did a lot more
on the white side of things
than the black.
I know that he counseled
us to constantly seek
to discover the truth of
who we are, why we are,
and what we believe to
be the next right action.
"Do what thou wilt shall
be the whole of the law"
means that there is only
one thing that you will
the whole of the law at the
very time that you're doing it.
If you're not doing
that one thing,
you are breaking the law.
You are committing
a spiritual error.
So by telling us to
do that, his dabbling,
his various personal
quirks, personality quirks,
I mean, we have the problem in
the OTO where a lot of people
think that his kind of
sexual behavior is something
that everybody must
emulate, you know.
It's really funny because
people don't realize
that he wasn't doing it for us.
He was doing it
for him, you know.
He was working through
his own issues.
>>SEAN: Sure.
>>WASSERMAN: We're working
through our own issues,
and they're going to be
different for each one of us,
you know.
And what we need to
model ourselves on
is the fervor with which he
conducted his own version
of the great work.
>>SEAN: What I want to
ask you today, obviously,
the great work, that is
the pinnacle of alchemy,
if I'm correct, right, this
idea of this transformation.
Now do you think
that he ultimately
succeeded in transforming
himself, transcending himself?
Or do you think at
the end of his life,
at the end of the day
he failed as a magician
in terms of the great work?
>>WASSERMAN: No, I think
he succeeded in real time.
In other words, he did
the best that he could,
and he achieved as much as
he could before he died.
When we say or when he
said or when actually I
was the person who dictated or
the intelligence that dictated
"The Book of the Law" said,
"Do what thou wilt shall
be the whole of
the law," he talked
about an ever-evolving
continuity, you know.
So am I going to die
and have accomplished
the great work, am I going to be
this for sort of perfect being
who rises in the heavens,
I mean, it'd be fun,
but I don't think so.
But I do think I will have done
the best job Jim Wasserman can
do, despite my failings,
despite the many times I didn't
do everything I might
better have been able to do.
And I think that's
the same with Crowley.
>>SEAN: Do you feel a past
life connection to Crowley
or something, there's
obviously some pull to you
to want to continue
this tradition.
>>WASSERMAN: I've
certainly thought of that,
and you know, it may
or may not be true.
It's not the important issue.
What's important to me
is that the pull that I
have toward this teaching
is just profound, you know.
It works for me, and I've seen
it work in the lives of others,
enough to know that
it's legitimate.
And I also know it's
not for everybody.
And the fact that
it's not for everybody
means it's even more legitimate,
you know what I mean?
>>SEAN: I think that's what
scares people oftentimes.
But now, in terms of, let's
talk about the Necronomicon
for a second because this is
such a fascinating subject
for people who are familiar with
the "Evil Dead" movies, right,
the fact that this is the
book that, you know, Lovecraft
apparently, you know, invents
in his fantasy literature,
right, the idea that
the Book of Dead names
is some sort of ancient
Babylonian, Sumerian text,
right.
The mad Arab comes
across in the desert,
and it's able to open portals
to these ancient gods,
let them in, and basically they
want to come back and destroy
the planet in a sense, right.
They want blood.
They hate humans.
So the idea of the Necronomicon
is it's a very dangerous book.
And then this, what
happens, you guys,
you end up publishing
what's called the "Simon
Necronomicon," which
presumably could
be very dangerous for
people who want to practice.
First of all, where did
this book come from?
Do you believe this is
actually an ancient Babylonian
or Sumerian text?
>>WASSERMAN: Well,
what I believe
is merely what I believe.
Simon stated to me that
it is, which is fine.
I don't dispute that.
But I also don't
totally accept it.
What I think is that
if you look at it,
it has all of the qualities of
a brilliantly-crafted Sumerian
Babylonian grimoire.
It is effective,
it is consistent,
and it is practical.
It works.
I've known a lot of people
who have worked the system,
and you know, they've been
very impressed with it.
I myself have dealt extensively
with the spiritual energies
that were raised by the
book, and I can tell you
that they were real and scary.
And to me, it
doesn't matter if it
was some ancient,
ancient thing or it
brought some ancient thing
to life in the 20th century.
It's not a hoax,
that I can tell you.
>>SEAN: He brought you a text
that was in which language?
>>WASSERMAN: English.
>>SEAN: So he brought
you a text in English.
>>WASSERMAN: Yes.
>>SEAN: Now what makes you
believe that it was based
on actual, like an ancient
text, from an ancient--
>>WASSERMAN: Well, I have read
enough of the ancient texts
to see where its roots are.
I mean, it's not, it didn't
come out of a vacuum.
>>SEAN: So it wasn't--
so they were, OK, I see, so
based on the ancient texts.
Now who is Simon?
I mean, I know you guys, this
is the biggest secret of all,
no one's allowed to see
who Simon really is.
>>WASSERMAN: Right, right.
>>SEAN: But can you
tell us at all, like,
what his background is
to make you believe him
as a credible source
for this book?
>>WASSERMAN: Well,
he's a magician.
He's a scholar.
He's a funny guy in his own way.
He's, you know, brilliant.
He's well-- he's widely
read, widely practiced,
and he's a perfect gentleman.
So in a lot of ways, he
would be the ideal person
to either write or cause to
be published and translated
such a project.
>>SEAN: And why not
put his name on it,
if he is a widely-respected
magician, at least respected
by people who
practice the craft.
>>WASSERMAN: I think he also
has a great sense of humor.
>>SEAN: Like Crowley.
>>WASSERMAN: Like
Crowley and mystery.
Crowley used a lot of
pseudonyms, good lord.
>>SEAN: Right, right.
I mean, having traveled
in the Middle East,
I know that there are plenty
of sorcerers and people
that still interact
with what are called
the jinns, the genies, right,
but basically practicing
different forms of magic.
There's a tremendous
power to this region
as far as the feeling of
portals and stargates, right.
I mean, Iraq was Sumeria.
That was always a question
about the Iraq invasion.
Was this the Americans
trying to get
a hold of certain stargates
and certain ancient literature,
texts, right.
>>WASSERMAN: I wish we were--
>>SEAN: Secrets.
>>WASSERMAN: Smart
enough to have done that.
But you know, I don't
think America has the--
>>SEAN: Well, someone
raided the Baghdad Museum,
looted it and got those texts.
>>WASSERMAN: And didn't protect
it from the rest of this stuff,
you know, it's like--
>>SEAN: So do you think
that it's possible
that the Annunaki
of Sumerian lore
are essentially the entities
that are being encountered
through this magic?
You've explored magic enough.
Do you think that there is in
alien factor to the entities
that you're encountering?
>>WASSERMAN: Whether you
call it alien or alternate,
I don't know really
what the difference is.
They are definitely
a life form that
goes beyond what we, you and I
are sitting here talking about.
We don't understand.
We're not on their level.
And yes, I believe
that they exist.
>>SEAN: Or could the
entities also potentially
be discarnate spirits, as
people talk about ghosts.
I mean--
>>WASSERMAN: Well, yeah, but
ghosts are different though.
Ghosts are sort of like
the carryovers of people,
their imperfections, you know.
They're the parts of
us that didn't quite
make it to the next step.
>>SEAN: Right.
>>WASSERMAN: You know,
they're not ghosts.
>>SEAN: Yeah, these are--
>>WASSERMAN: They're archetypes.
>>SEAN: Yeah, they're ancient.
OK, these are
ancient archetypes.
These are interdimensional
beings, spirits,
you'd call them.
>>WASSERMAN: Yeah, and if we
call that alien, who knows.
>>SEAN: What do you think
they want with human beings?
>>WASSERMAN: I don't know.
[LAUGHING]
>>SEAN: You've encountered,
you've practice magic.
You've encountered
these entities.
You've dealt with them.
I'm sure Jinn and
genies in some form.
>>WASSERMAN: Absolutely.
>>SEAN: They don't ever expect,
you know, gifts in exchange.
I mean, people talk about
the idea of blood sacrifice
because some of these
beings want blood.
They want very dark things in
exchange for material gifts.
>>WASSERMAN: My experience
has been that they want us
as company, you know.
They want us to
rise to their level
so that we can join them in
this holy quest of becoming.
And my experience with them
has been quite positive.
And yes, they demand a great
deal as well they should.
>>SEAN: In terms of the quest,
the holy quest you talk about,
your new book is
about the Templars.
And the Templars have fascinated
people for hundreds of years
at this point because
a Templar seemed
to have been incorporated
in some capacity
into the modern-day Freemasons.
And more importantly,
the Templars
were persecuted, right,
by the Catholic church,
by the French king.
And they were very
powerful at one time,
but it's a very strange
story of the Templars.
I mean, the whole idea of
nine knights who are basically
taking a vow to protect
Christians, you know,
who are pilgrims.
It's implausible for
nine knights to do this.
And it's more likely that
they were in Jerusalem,
and they were known
to be excavating.
They were looking
for ancient texts.
Is that your understanding
of what Templars were doing?
They were looking for maybe
ancient grimoires and things
like this in Jerusalem?
>>WASSERMAN: That's
not, that's not
the particular understanding
that I have of them.
It's almost disappointing.
I wish I could be one of
these speculative guys that
sort of jumps into
that particular realm.
For me, they were, the
original founding knights
were real serious Christians.
They were not the
later Knights Templar
that I write about
in my book, which
took place a lot longer after
the original guys had died.
And they were tired of fighting.
They had won the First
Crusade, and they
wanted to take orders as monks.
They wanted the
patriarch of Jerusalem
to accept them as monks,
give up the warrior creed.
And he and the king of
Jerusalem apparently
convinced them that
it would be better
to use their knightly skills
to help protect pilgrims.
Now you say, there's
nine people against 200
or people attacking
the pilgrims.
Yeah, but they can organize.
They were nine leaders,
and they understood
strategy and tactics.
They understood danger points.
They understood what to
look for in the enemy, how
he or she was, how, well, he
was moving through territory
and where the
pilgrims were coming
and specifically
routes and dangers
that they would encounter.
So it doesn't sound
so implausible to me.
>>SEAN: Even though
there were reports--
>>WASSERMAN: Later
on, something happens.
>>SEAN: Even though
there were reports
that they were
excavating in Jerusalem.
They were in the temples
and they were looking.
>>WASSERMAN: Wouldn't you?
I mean, it doesn't surprise
me that they would.
They had a lot of
time on their hands.
They weren't always fighting.
>>SEAN: Right, right.
No, I mean, I've heard
different reports.
I've heard reports that they
did encounter grimoires,
and that's what made them so
powerful as far as establishing
this massive banking empire.
But so your focus was
more on what aspect,
at what point do they become
alchemists, because there's
a lot of indication
of the Templars being,
basically being part of
alchemical tradition in Europe.
Do you think that there
was, do you ultimately
say that there's
a temple heresy,
there's a Gnosticism
to the Templars.
So where does this
originate from?
Is that from, do
you believe it's
from the Islamic encounter
with the assassins, is that it?
Or how does it, how
did the Templars
basically become heretics?
How did they become more
gnostic in their thinking,
at what point?
>>WASSERMAN: What I've done
in "The Templar Heresy"
is create a very practical,
almost totally plausible
encounter between an individual
Templar, who is a diplomat,
and an assassin master,
who becomes his teacher.
And you know, he was a
young guy with questions
like all young guys have.
And this guy showed
him a world of mystery
that began to unfold within him,
despite the fact that it broke
through all the conditioning
of his Catholicism,
his European background, and
even to some extent his loyalty
to the Templars.
It threw him into that
tailspin of knowledge
that we've all experienced.
And from there, I believe in the
elite group within the Templar
order developed.
I've never thought it
was all the Templars.
>>SEAN: Right, no,
no, I understand.
So this book is
obviously a fiction.
>>WASSERMAN: Yes.
>>SEAN: But the idea is that
this is based on your research.
Now, Jay from Colorado
asks a question,
going to our audience.
Jay asks, since "there are
rumors that the Knights
Templar converted to
Islam in the Middle East,"
was this based on their
interaction with the assassins
or some type of
Sufi-style sects?
>>WASSERMAN: Right, and then
it's hard to understand what
Islam is because certainly the
assassins and the Sufis are not
exactly Muslims the way--
>>SEAN: Either Shia,
I mean, the assassins
were basically a
Shia sect, right.
>>WASSERMAN: But they were a
far off the radar Shia sect.
They were pretty
far from the Shia
by the time the
Templars met them.
They incorporated a great
deal of paganism in their--
>>SEAN: Cosmology.
>>WASSERMAN:
Absolutely, absolutely,
and they were a very advanced,
they were far closer to Sufis
than they were to Muslims.
>>SEAN: Yeah, but Sufis
are still Muslims.
They just have different
understanding--
>>WASSERMAN:
Absolutely, absolutely.
>>SEAN: Because all the problem
with Islam, and obviously
like any religion like
Christianity, Judaism,
is how much are you going
to base it on tradition, how
much on various
texts, there's law,
there's precedent, there's
obviously different sources,
you know, that every
religion has to grapple with.
>>WASSERMAN: Absolutely.
What I present in the
book is what I firmly
believed happened, which
is, you know, Gnosticism.
I think that
between the Templars
and the Cathars
and the Assassins,
they all influenced each
other in their growth,
the way spiritual
people always do
when they communicate
toward the next step
in their enlightenment.
>>SEAN: So in the whole, I mean,
as a student of Gnosticism,
as a student of Crowley
and spirituality and magic,
do you think that we are
entering the Age of Crowley,
in a sense, where everything
will be permitted?
What is the future looking
like in this new age?
>>WASSERMAN: Right now, it looks
a little nutty, doesn't it?
[LAUGHING]
But on the other hand, I think
we will learn new values,
you know.
Everything is going
to be explored.
Everything is
going to be tested,
and there are truths that
supersede the questions.
And once we discover
those truths, again,
with clarity in our
own minds, I think
that we're going to
establish morals and norms
and dogmas even that propound
a certain kind of behavior.
How do you raise kids, you know?
What do you teach values?
I mean, all of that stuff,
man is a teaching race.
We instruct our young.
We grow our
consciousness together.
We have cultures.
We have societies.
We have our differences,
thank goodness, you know.
>>SEAN: Of course, of course.
But you wouldn't say
you're an immoralist
at the end of the day.
You're not someone
who is opposed
to any kind of moral structure.
It's more of a question,
it's about questioning
and reassessing and
finding our own moralities.
Is that--
>>WASSERMAN: Absolutely.
>>SEAN: What you're
ultimately saying?
>>WASSERMAN: Absolutely.
Yeah, Crowley called
"Do what thou wilt"
the most austere ethical
precept ever uttered,
despite its apparent license.
And it was kind of what
I said to you earlier.
It's like if you're
doing the one thing,
the "Book of the
Law" says, thou hast
no right but to do thy will.
>>SEAN: Well, it
basically puts the onus
and their responsibility
on the individual.
>>WASSERMAN: Yes.
>>SEAN: Which I think--
>>WASSERMAN: That's
the difference.
>>SEAN: It's what
people oftentimes miss,
and oftentimes use religion
as a crutch to say,
that's ultimately up to God.
It's up to a Savior.
It's up to a priest.
It's up to someone to
intervene, whereas the practices
that you're discussing, that
are oftentimes called satanic,
are simply saying, no, it's
about empowering the human
to take responsibility for our
actions and the consequence
thereof.
>>WASSERMAN: Taking
responsibility
is the perfect
statement for Thelema.
>>SEAN: Beautiful.
Thank you so much for
joining me today, Jim.
I Really appreciate your time.
>>WASSERMAN: Thank you, Sean.
It's been great.
>>SEAN: And there you have
it, folks, some great insights
from Jim Wasserman.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here
today, but I do urge you
to check out his website,
studio31.com for his work.
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path
along the buzzsaw's edge, and it
requires constant reassessment.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
You are the revolution.